.TH FIX.5.0 "" "" "Tag #234"
Tag
Field Name
XML Name
Data Type
Description
Depr.
Valid values
234 (tag234.html)
StipulationValue (tag234.html)
\@Val
String
.PP
For Fixed Income. Value of stipulation.
.PP
The expression can be an absolute single value or a combination of
values and logical operators:
.PP
< value
.PP
> value
.PP
<= value
.PP
>= value
.PP
value
.PP
value – value2
.PP
value OR value2
.PP
value AND value2
.PP
YES
.PP
NO
.PP
Bargain conditions recognized by the London Stock Exchange – to be
used when StipulationType is "BGNCON".
.PP
CD = Special cum Dividend
.PP
XD = Special ex Dividend
.PP
CC = Special cum Coupon
.PP
XC = Special ex Coupon
.PP
CB = Special cum Bonus
.PP
XB = Special ex Bonus
.PP
CR = Special cum Rights
.PP
XR = Special ex Rights
.PP
CP = Special cum Capital Repayments
.PP
XP = Special ex Capital Repayments
.PP
CS = Cash Settlement
.PP
SP = Special Price
.PP
TR = Report for European Equity Market Securities in accordance
with Chapter 8 of the Rules.
.PP
GD = Guaranteed Delivery
.PP
Values for StipulationType = "PXSOURCE":
.PP
BB GENERIC
.PP
BB FAIRVALUE
.PP
BROKERTEC
.PP
ESPEED
.PP
GOVPX
.PP
HILLIARD FARBER
.PP
ICAP
.PP
TRADEWEB
.PP
TULLETT LIBERTY
.PP
If a particular side of the market is wanted append /BID /OFFER or
/MID.
.PP
plus appropriate combinations of the above and other expressions by
mutual agreement of the counterparties.
.PP
Examples: ">=60", ".25", "ORANGE OR CONTRACOSTA", etc.
.PP
(Note tag # was reserved in FIX 4.1, added in FIX 4.3)
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in messages:
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in components:
[Stipulations (body_49484957.html?find=StipulationValue)]

.PD 0
.P
.PD

.PP
.PP
.IP \[bu] 2
© 2007 FIX Protocol Limited
.IP \[bu] 2
Contact us (http://www.fixprotocol.org/contact.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Copyright and Acceptable Use policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/copyright.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Privacy policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/privacy.shtml)
