.TH FIX.4.3 "" "" "Tag #235"
Tag
Field Name
Data Type
Description
Depr.
Valid values
235 (tag235.html)
YieldType (tag235.html)
String
.PP
Type of yield.
AFTERTAX
=
.PP
After Tax Yield (Municipals) The yield on the bond net of any tax
consequences from holding the bond. The discount on municipal
securities can be subject to both capital gains taxes and ordinary
income taxes. Calculated from dollar price.
ANNUAL
=
.PP
Annual Yield The annual interest or dividend income an investment
earns, expressed as a percentage of the investments total value.
ATISSUE
=
.PP
Yield At Issue (Municipals) The yield of the bond offered on the
issue date.
AVGLIFE
=
.PP
Yield To Average Life The yield assuming that all sinks (mandatory
and voluntary) are taken at par. This results in a faster paydown
of debt; the yield is then calculated to the average life date.
AVGMATURITY
=
.PP
Yield To Average Maturity The yield achieved by substituting a
bond\[aq]s average maturity for the issue\[aq]s final maturity
date.
BOOK
=
.PP
Book Yield The yield of a security calculated by using its book
value instead of the current market price. This term is typically
used in the US domestic market.
CALL
=
.PP
Yield to Next Call The yield of a bond to the next possible call
date.
CHANGE
=
.PP
Yield Change Since Close The change in the yield since the previous
day\[aq]s closing yield.
CLOSE
=
.PP
Closing Yield The yield of a bond based on the closing price.
COMPOUND
=
.PP
Compound Yield The yield of certain Japanese bonds based on its
price. Certain Japanese bonds have irregular first or last coupons,
and the yield is calculated compound for these irregular periods.
CURRENT
=
.PP
Current Yield Annual interest on a bond divided by the market
value. The actual income rate of return as opposed to the coupon
rate expressed as a percentage.
GOVTEQUIV
=
.PP
Government Equivalent Yield Ask yield based on semi-annual coupons
compounding in all periods and actual/actual calendar.
GROSS
=
.PP
True Gross Yield Yield calculated using the price including accrued
interest, where coupon dates are moved from holidays and weekends
to the next trading day.
INFLATION
=
.PP
Yield with Inflation Assumption Based on price, the return an
investor would require on a normal bond that would make the real
return equal to that of the inflation-indexed bond, assuming a
constant inflation rate.
INVERSEFLOATER
=
.PP
Inverse Floater Bond Yield Inverse floater semi-annual bond
equivalent rate.
LASTCLOSE
=
.PP
Most Recent Closing Yield The last available yield stored in
history, computed using price.
LASTMONTH
=
.PP
Closing Yield Most Recent Month The yield of a bond based on the
closing price as of the most recent month\[aq]s end.
LASTQUARTER
=
.PP
Closing Yield Most Recent Quarter The yield of a bond based on the
closing price as of the most recent quarters end.
LASTYEAR
=
.PP
Closing Yield Most Recent Year The yield of a bond based on the
closing price as of the most recent years end.
LONGAVGLIFE
=
.PP
Yield to Longest Average Life The yield assuming only mandatory
sinks are taken. This results in a lower paydown of debt; the yield
is then calculated to the final payment date.
LONGEST
=
.PP
Yield to Longest Average (Sinking Fund Bonds) The yield assuming
only mandatory sinks are taken. This results in a slower paydown of
debt; the yield is then calculated to the final payment date.
MARK
=
.PP
Mark To Market Yield An adjustment in the valuation of a securities
portfolio to reflect the current market values of the respective
securities in the portfolio.
MATURITY
=
.PP
Yield to Maturity The yield of a bond to its maturity date.
NEXTREFUND
=
.PP
Yield To Next Refund (Sinking Fund Bonds) Yield assuming all bonds
are redeemed at the next refund date at the redemption price.
OPENAVG
=
.PP
Open Average Yield The average yield of the respective securities
in the portfolio.
PREVCLOSE
=
.PP
Previous Close Yield The yield of a bond based on the closing price
1 day ago.
PROCEEDS
=
.PP
Proceeds Yield The CD equivalent yield when the remaining time to
maturity is less than two years.
PUT
=
.PP
Yield to Next Put The yield to the date at which the bond holder
can next put the bond to the issuer.
SEMIANNUAL
=
.PP
Semi-annual Yield The yield of a bond whose coupon payments are
reinvested semi-annually
SHORTAVGLIFE
=
.PP
Yield to Shortest Average Life same as AVGLIFE above.
SHORTEST
=
.PP
Yield to Shortest Average (Sinking Fund Bonds) The yield assuming
that all sinks (mandatory and voluntary) are taken. This results in
a faster paydown of debt; the yield is then calculated to the final
payment date.
SIMPLE
=
.PP
Simple Yield The yield of a bond assuming no reinvestment of coupon
payments. (Act/360 day count)
TAXEQUIV
=
.PP
Tax Equivalent Yield The after tax yield grossed up by the maximum
federal tax rate of 39.6%. For comparison to taxable yields.
TENDER
=
.PP
Yield to Tender Date The yield on a Municipal bond to its mandatory
tender date.
TRUE
=
.PP
True Yield The yield calculated with coupon dates moved from a
weekend or holiday to the next valid settlement date.
VALUE1/32
=
.PP
Yield Value Of 1/32 The amount that the yield will change for a
1/32nd change in price.
WORST
=
.PP
Yield To Worst Convention The lowest yield to all possible
redemption date scenarios.
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in messages:
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in components:
[YieldData (body_49485050.html?find=YieldType)]

.PD 0
.P
.PD

.PP
.PP
.IP \[bu] 2
© 2007 FIX Protocol Limited
.IP \[bu] 2
Contact us (http://www.fixprotocol.org/contact.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Copyright and Acceptable Use policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/copyright.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Privacy policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/privacy.shtml)
