.TH FIX.4.4 "" "" "Tag #537"
Tag
Field Name
XML Name
Data Type
Description
Depr.
Valid values
537 (tag537.html)
QuoteType (tag537.html)
\@Typ
int
.PP
Identifies the type of quote.
.PP
An indicative quote is used to inform a counterparty of a market.
An indicative quote does not result directly in a trade.
.PP
A tradeable quote is submitted to a market and will result directly
in a trade against other orders and quotes in a market.
.PP
A restricted tradeable quote is submitted to a market and within a
certain restriction (possibly based upon price or quantity) will
automatically trade against orders. Order that do not comply with
restrictions are sent to the quote issuer who can choose to accept
or decline the order.
.PP
A counter quote is used in the negotiation model. See Volume 7 –
Product: Fixed Income for example usage.
0
=
.PP
Indicative
1
=
.PP
Tradeable
2
=
.PP
RestrictedTradeable
3
=
.PP
Counter
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in messages:
[MassQuote (body_5250105.html?find=QuoteType)]
[MassQuoteAcknowledgement (body_515398.html?find=QuoteType)]
[Quote (body_505583.html?find=QuoteType)]
[QuoteResponse (body_54576574.html?find=QuoteType)]
[QuoteStatusReport (body_54566573.html?find=QuoteType)]
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in components:
[QuotReqGrp (body_50485253.html?find=QuoteType)]
[QuotReqRjctGrp (body_50485255.html?find=QuoteType)]
[RFQReqGrp (body_50485349.html?find=QuoteType)]

.PD 0
.P
.PD

.PP
.PP
.IP \[bu] 2
© 2007 FIX Protocol Limited
.IP \[bu] 2
Contact us (http://www.fixprotocol.org/contact.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Copyright and Acceptable Use policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/copyright.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Privacy policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/privacy.shtml)
