.TH FIX.5.0SP2 "" "" "Tag #871"
Tag
Field Name
XML Name
Data Type
Description
Depr.
Valid values
871 (tag871.html)
InstrAttribType (tag871.html)
\@Typ
int
.PP
Code to represent the type of instrument attribute
1
=
.PP
Flat (securities pay interest on a current basis but are traded
without interest)
2
=
.PP
Zero coupon
3
=
.PP
Interest bearing (for Euro commercial paper when not issued at
discount)
4
=
.PP
No periodic payments
5
=
.PP
Variable rate
6
=
.PP
Less fee for put
7
=
.PP
Stepped coupon
8
=
.PP
Coupon period (if not semi-annual). Supply redemption date in the
InstrAttribValue (872) field.
9
=
.PP
When [and if] issued
10
=
.PP
Original issue discount
11
=
.PP
Callable, puttable
12
=
.PP
Escrowed to Maturity
13
=
.PP
Escrowed to redemption date - callable. Supply redemption date in
the InstrAttribValue (872) field
14
=
.PP
Pre-refunded
15
=
.PP
In default
16
=
.PP
Unrated
17
=
.PP
Taxable
18
=
.PP
Indexed
19
=
.PP
Subject To Alternative Minimum Tax
20
=
.PP
Original issue discount price. Supply price in the InstrAttribValue
(872) field
21
=
.PP
Callable below maturity value
22
=
.PP
Callable without notice by mail to holder unless registered
23
=
.PP
Price tick rules for security.
24
=
.PP
Trade type eligibility details for security.
25
=
.PP
Instrument Denominator
26
=
.PP
Instrument Numerator
27
=
.PP
Instrument Price Precision
28
=
.PP
Instrument Strike Price
29
=
.PP
Tradeable Indicator
99
=
.PP
Text. Supply the text of the attribute or disclaimer in the
InstrAttribValue (872) field.
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in messages:
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in components:
[AttrbGrp (body_50485552.html?find=InstrAttribType)]

.PD 0
.P
.PD

.PP
.PP
.IP \[bu] 2
© 2007 FIX Protocol Limited
.IP \[bu] 2
Contact us (http://www.fixprotocol.org/contact.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Copyright and Acceptable Use policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/copyright.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Privacy policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/privacy.shtml)
