.TH FIX.5.0SP2 "" "" "Tag #996"
Tag
Field Name
XML Name
Data Type
Description
Depr.
Valid values
996 (tag996.html)
UnitOfMeasure (tag996.html)
\@UOM
String
.PP
The unit of measure of the underlying commodity upon which the
contract is based. Two groups of units of measure enumerations are
supported.
.PP
Fixed Magnitude UOMs are primarily used in energy derivatives and
specify a magnitude (such as, MM, Kilo, M, etc.) and the dimension
(such as, watt hours, BTU\[aq]s) to produce standard fixed measures
(such as MWh - Megawatt-hours, MMBtu - One million BTUs).
.PP
The second group, Variable Quantity UOMs, specifies the dimension
as a single unit without a magnitude (or more accurately a
magnitude of one) and uses the UnitOfMeasureQty(1147) field to
define the quantity of units per contract. Variable Quantity UOMs
are used for both commodities (such as lbs of lean cattle, bushels
of corn, ounces of gold) and financial futures.
.PP
Examples:
.PP
For lean cattle futures contracts, a UnitOfMeasure of \[aq]lbs\[aq]
with a UnitOfMeasureQty(1147) of 40,000, means each lean cattle
futures contract represents 40,000 lbs of lean cattle.
.PP
For Eurodollars futures contracts, a UnitOfMeasure of USD with a
UnitOfMeasureQty(1147) of 1,000,000, means a Eurodollar futures
contract represents 1,000,000 USD.
.PP
For gold futures contracts, a UnitOfMeasure is oz_tr (Troy ounce)
with a UnitOfMeasureQty(1147) of 1,000, means each gold futures
contract represents 1,000 troy ounces of gold.
—\ Fixed Magnitude UOM\ —
Bcf
=
.PP
Billion cubic feet
MMbbl
=
.PP
Million Barrels
MMBtu
=
.PP
One Million BTU
MWh
=
.PP
Megawatt hours
—\ Variable Quantity UOM\ —
Bbl
=
.PP
Barrels
Bu
=
.PP
Bushels
lbs
=
.PP
pounds
Gal
=
.PP
Gallons
oz_tr
=
.PP
Troy Ounces
t
=
.PP
Metric Tons (aka Tonne)
tn
=
.PP
Tons (US)
USD
=
.PP
US Dollars
Alw
=
.PP
Allowances
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in messages:
.PP
   *   *   *   *   *
Used in components:
[Instrument (body_49484851.html?find=UnitOfMeasure)]

.PD 0
.P
.PD

.PP
.PP
.IP \[bu] 2
© 2007 FIX Protocol Limited
.IP \[bu] 2
Contact us (http://www.fixprotocol.org/contact.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Copyright and Acceptable Use policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/copyright.shtml)
.IP \[bu] 2
Privacy policy (http://www.fixprotocol.org/privacy.shtml)
